[Music]
calculating the amount of protein you
need it's pretty simple you need one
gram per pound of body weight in this
many research studies have driven this
conclusion one gram per pound of
bodyweight or 2.2 grams per kilogram of
body weight all of this research was
done with standard sources not including
for dodging so it was done with whey
protein or it was done with meats or
whatever if somebody was eating in a day
and there's many studies on this so I
see people looking at the fact that
meats only have 38 percent of
absorbability so they only count 38% of
the grams of protein towards their you
know what what what they get in their
day you don't need to do that don't do
that so calculate the amount of grams
you need likely so let's say you weigh
200 pounds you need to on grams of
protein then if you want to be at a
caloric deficit so remember being in a
caloric deficit usually means you're in
a protein deficit - and that's a way to
lose muscle if you were to chloric
deficit but a protein match number or
protein surplus you're not gonna lose
muscle but you will lose body fat and
that seems to be what everybody's
looking for so what what I do is I Sai
weigh 240 pounds so I try and get 200
grams of protein through leaner meats
I'm going leaner now because I'm trying
to be a leaner athlete because I I got
sort of as big as I kind of ever really
wanted to be and now now I'm cutting
because everybody has different goals so
I used to eat like a platter or a rib
eyes every night now I'm eating like a
platter of filets or New York steaks
which are much leaner cuts of meat so
when when I do my for dejenne I like
doing two doses of it I do one in the
morning and one a night so I can I can
have it whenever but so I get a hundred
grams of equivalent high-quality protein
from the four dejenne but then I get 200
grams
totaling 300 in a day because I want to
overshoot that number just to make sure
that I'm really going to be anabolic
while I sleep and I build a considerable
amount of muscle